README.md, before:

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Vinetos/Xsinoi.svg)  

### Download

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/chrome/chrome_48x48.png" alt="Chrome" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Chrome | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/firefox/firefox_48x48.png" alt="Firefox" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Firefox |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Installation guide for Chrome](https://github.com/Vinetos/Xsinoi#chrome-)                                                                                                          | [Download for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/fr/firefox/addon/xsinoi/)                                                                                                                                |

> Google won't let someone publish a newer version without payment & i'm not paying them for an extension. If you want to use Xsinoi on chrome you can simply download the files and use Xsinoi as an unpacked ext. inside chrome by going to chrome://extensions and enabling developer mode.  
> See [Installation guide for Chrome](https://github.com/Vinetos/Xsinoi#chrome-)

# Xsinoi
A dark theme with automatic update for IonisX courses.

![](./assets/preview/screen1.png)  

# How to install ? 
## Chrome :
1. [Download the project](https://github.com/Vinetos/Xsinoi/archive/master.zip) and extract it.  
2. Navigate to `chrome://extensions/` and click on `Load unpacked extension`.   
3. Select the root folder and enjoy !

# Screenshots

![](./assets/preview/screen2.png)  

![](./assets/preview/screen3.png)

![](./assets/preview/screen4.png)  

![](./assets/preview/screen5.png)

# How to install for dev
```sh
npm install
```

Commit message:

chore: Publish extension on chrome webstore

README.md, after:

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Vinetos/Xsinoi.svg) ![Mozilla Add-on](https://img.shields.io/amo/v/xsinoi.svg) ![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/locnpgnaihgbgdppfdejejjckanaedcm.svg)  

### Download

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/chrome/chrome_48x48.png" alt="Chrome" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Chrome | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/firefox/firefox_48x48.png" alt="Firefox" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Firefox |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Download for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/xsinoi/locnpgnaihgbgdppfdejejjckanaedcm)                                                                                                          | [Download for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/fr/firefox/addon/xsinoi/)                                                                                                                                |

> For manual installation, see [Manual installation guide](https://github.com/Vinetos/Xsinoi#chrome-)

# Xsinoi
A dark theme with automatic update for IonisX courses.  
_**We are not affiliated with the ionis group.**_

![](./assets/preview/screen1.png)  

# Screenshots

![](./assets/preview/screen2.png)  

![](./assets/preview/screen3.png)

![](./assets/preview/screen4.png)  

![](./assets/preview/screen5.png)

# How to install (Manual)
## Chrome :
1. [Download the project](https://github.com/Vinetos/Xsinoi/archive/master.zip) or clone the project and extract it.  
2. Navigate to `chrome://extensions/` and click on `Load unpacked extension`.   
3. Select the root folder
4. Modify the extension as you wish and reload it by clicking on the reload button.  
5. Enjoy !

## Firefox :	
1. [Download the project](https://github.com/Vinetos/Xsinoi/archive/master.zip) or clone the project and extract it.  	
2. Navigate to `about:debugging`. Go the `This firefox` and click on `Load temporary extension`.   	
3. Select the root folder  
4. Modify the extension as you wish  
5. Enjoy !  
> Note: This works until you restart your browser
